p5/README.md, before:

# cljsjs/p5

[](dependency)
```clojure
[cljsjs/p5 "1.4.0-0"] ;; latest release
[cljsjs/p5 "1.4.0-0"] ;; latest release
```

[](/dependency)

This jar comes with `deps.cljs` as used by the [Foreign Libs][flibs] feature
of the ClojureScript compiler. After adding the above dependency to your project
you can require the packaged library like so:

```clojure
(ns application.core
  (:require cljsjs.p5))
```

The `externs` were auto-generated by the [Javascript Externs Generator](https://github.com/jmmk/javascript-externs-generator) and then hand edited. Mainly adding the functions defined nested in the main `p5` class to the prototype of the appropriate classes. I'm not sure how necessary it was to do that because I discovered the error I was receiving during advanced compilation was actually related to a clash with a namespace, but it works!

Learn about p5.js at https://p5js.org/ and lots of tutorials on [The Coding Train](https://www.youtube.com/user/shiffman)

A wrapper library, [p5-cljs](https://github.com/pablinos/p5-cljs), is in early development.

[flibs]: https://clojurescript.org/reference/packaging-foreign-deps

Commit message:

[p5] Update p5 to 1.7.0 release
Updates cljsjs/p5 from 1.4.0-0 to 1.7.0-0 to match the upstream release
https://github.com/processing/p5.js/releases/tag/v1.7.0.

Externs file was amended to include any additional entries detected by the jmmk
javascripte externs generator, but ignored any removals. It appears much of this
library is dynamically generated to add it's own custom type checking errors and
the jmmk generator does not detect much of the dynamically generated classes.

I'm in the process of updating the https://github.com/quil/quil library to use
the latest release of p5 and will amend the externs file if I find any
additional externs are missing. In the future we may move this dependency into
the quil.jar directly as I know cljsjs is deprecated, but for now I'm hoping to
keep the existing release structure working with cljsjs providing the p5
dependency.

p5/README.md, after:

# cljsjs/p5

[](dependency)
```clojure
[cljsjs/p5 "1.7.0-0"] ;; latest release
[cljsjs/p5 "1.7.0-0"] ;; latest release
```

[](/dependency)

This jar comes with `deps.cljs` as used by the [Foreign Libs][flibs] feature
of the ClojureScript compiler. After adding the above dependency to your project
you can require the packaged library like so:

```clojure
(ns application.core
  (:require cljsjs.p5))
```

The `externs` were auto-generated by the [Javascript Externs Generator](https://github.com/jmmk/javascript-externs-generator) and then hand edited. Mainly adding the functions defined nested in the main `p5` class to the prototype of the appropriate classes. I'm not sure how necessary it was to do that because I discovered the error I was receiving during advanced compilation was actually related to a clash with a namespace, but it works!

For the 1.4.0 to the 1.7.0 update, any additions detected by the javascript externs generator were merged into the existing externs file. However, the generator tries to incorrectly remove quite a number of classes like p5.Vector, p5.Matrix that are present in the source, so this update manually accepted any additional externs that were added but ignored any removals.

This library is particularly tricky to generate externs for as it goes through it's own [custom type checking/error checking](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/blob/main/contributor_docs/friendly_error_system.md) pass and dynamically generates every method and class at runtime. The externs generator does not appear to understand this and excludes many classes and methods from it's output.

Learn about p5.js at https://p5js.org/ and lots of tutorials on [The Coding Train](https://www.youtube.com/user/shiffman)

A wrapper library, [p5-cljs](https://github.com/pablinos/p5-cljs), is in early development.

[flibs]: https://clojurescript.org/reference/packaging-foreign-deps
